#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
%Fixme: is this really necessary?
\DeclareRobustCommand\nobreakspace{\leavevmode\nobreak\ }
\date{}
\end_preamble
\options UTF8
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language chinese-simplified
\language_package none
\inputencoding utf8-plain
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\listings_params "language={C++}"
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Iterator
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Input iterator can read elements only once.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
output iterator can only write elements only once.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
no comparison operation are required for output iterator.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
for output iterator, writing data without checking for the end is correct.
 output iterator doesn't provide comparison operation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
the comparison of forward iterator are only != and ==.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
for forward iterator, you have to check the end of the sequence before you
 dereference the iterator.
 thus the forward iterator doesn't contains all the properties of the output
 iterator.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
moving iterator out of the range [begin, end] is undefined behaviors.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
